>> Estelle Weyl: Rachel Andrews, who's
awesome, has this website called Grid by
Example, and there's a little
button that says Start Here, and
that's where you should
start to learn the basics.
You basically know the basics, but
you're gonna forget everything I just
told you today cuz you're gonna have so
much by the end of the day that
your brain is gonna explode.
So you wanna come here and
then Jen Simmons has an intro to CSS.
And it's not just an intro to CSS,
but she has all of these labs.
So when you go to her webpage, I'm just
gonna go to jensimmons.com, here it is,
Jen Simmons.
There's a little thing
right here called Labs.
You click on Labs, and
she has l a monopoly done with CSS grid.
>> Estelle Weyl: She's a great graphic
designer, so
she basically has this example here.
Where that is a much
more beautiful website,
she makes very good use of white space.
So here, we have five images placed
in a grid where she basically said
this is the row I want and
this is the column I want
>> Estelle Weyl: They're
what you call explicitly placed and
then she has some artwork here,
the Responsive Mondrian.
>> Estelle Weyl: Nope,
there's one where it actually changes.
>> Estelle Weyl: This one,
you'll see that it changes as you grow it.
What you want to do with these things
is you want to take a look at them,
go wow, that's amazing and
then do a view source.
Look at how she created it and
take a look at the CSS and
go, wow, that's so easy.
Grid, once you get used to it,
makes laying out pages super easy.